Matress 'Absolute Optimum':

A sleeping mattress is more than just an object, it is a complete philosophy connected to your mental and physical well-being. With this philosophy and the latest technology, the new Absolute Optimum mattress collection has been created to offer you the ultimate experience of support and luxury. Absolute is the evolution of the Optimum series and its two top models, Platinum & Diamond. With their 5-layer multi-layer springs, the Absolute Platinum and Absolute Diamond mattresses drive sleep support to the ultimate level. In addition, the layers of the series are made of top-quality jacquard fabric with viscose.

We are in the 5th generation Optimum which with unique materials and technologies such as MLS spring system, Season Adapt & Topper Inside give a unique sleeping experience. Absolute is the ultimate collection, the evolution of the flagship Optimum series with five rows of springs and viscose jacquard fabric.
Top sense of well-being, ultimate sleep experience.

Premium support
We are introducing the world's most advanced coil system, MLS Spring System, designed by the Athenian Mattress Makers and produced by Leggett & Platt. The only spring system with 5 levels and 7 layers for fine progressive support and comfort, allowing air flow for high quality, healthy sleep.
Incomparable Comfort
The Season Adapt technology with natural temperature adjusting materials provides warmth and comfort in winter, and a cool sense with extra air flow in summer. Incomparable comfort through this inclusive sleep experience!
Ultimum Touch
Feel the ultimum touch with this 2 in 1 mattress and upper mattress with the tooper inside which uniquely embraces all body types, providing a sense of wellness!
Actipro treatment
Revolutionary ActiPro technology. It is a 100% natural fabric treatment, which combines perfectly with viscose, without reducing its excellent quality. It has strong absorbent quality and quickly releases moisture, creating the ideal climate for perfect sleep. It neutralizes allergens from house dust mites and eliminates unwanted odors, creating a 100% natural and healthy sleeping environment. Thus, the micro-organisms of the skin's protective flora are always kept safe and healthy.