Will I find all Media Strom mattresses and beds in your stores?
Each Media Strom store has all the mattresses with springs for sampling. Flexy series is available in selected stores.
You can find the complete collection of mattresses and beds in our stores in Glyfada, Chalandri and Florida (Thessaloniki).
For available beds per store, you can contact Customer Service.
Do you have a Stock House?
In Chaidari, 248 Athens Av., you will find Media Strom Stock House to discover unique opportunities in Media Strom products. However, it operates at certain times in the year, so at the moment it remains closed.
How can I contact Customer Service?
You can contact the Customer Service Department from Monday to Friday 09: 00-15: 00 in any of the following ways:
by telephone at 210-3482900 by email at customerservice@mediastrom.gr filling out the contact form
Do the same offers apply to all stores?
There is a complete alignment between online (eshop) and offline (retail stores) for offers and promotions. Exceptions are limited web offers which you can see in our website.
How many years warranty does my product have?
Our mattresses have an 8 year written guarantee (except Benefit & Baby)
When is the product guarantee activated and what does it cover?
The guarantee on your mattress starts from the day you receive it in your home. In order to verify the date of purchase and for the validity of the guarantee, it is always necessary to provide purchases receipt.
I bought my product from a furniture store, does it have a guarantee?
The Media Strom guarantee is valid normally and starts from the day you receive it at your home.
I live out of Athens and I have bought a product from a local store, where should I address for information?
We recommend that you contact either the store where you completed your purchases, or the Customer Service department
I have a product that is out of guarantee, can I repair it?
Contact the Customer Service department for advice.
How is the genuineness of a Media Strom product proven?
The genuineness of a Media Strom product is proven both by the additional documents and by the special indications on the product
Do the planks of a dynamic frame retain their curve even after extensive use?
Of course! Otherwise, contact the Customer Service department to be informed of your options.
What does the Oeko-Tex Standard 100 certification offer?
In short, the Oeko-Tex Standard 100 certification is the strictest and most valid certification / assurance for the complete absence of harmful substances from your mattress.
How do I recognize an authentic Oeko-Tex certification?
The certification must have the original logo and be accompanied by the official registration number, eg VN025 125204 OETI
How often is the Oeko-Tex certification renewed?
The Oeko-Tex certification for our products is renewed every 1 year.