World Sleep Day: Health & Wellness Secrets for Better Sleep!

An Unknown Tip for Today’s World Sleep Day!!!
Sleep is a vital necessity and a prerequisite for good health and wellness. Recognizing the importance of sleep, the World Health Organization designated the third Friday of March as World Sleep Day. The goal of the day is to raise awareness among the public and health professionals about the importance of sleep for our health and the consequences of insomnia.

The Obvious!!
You know you need sleep to rest, relax, and allow your body to recover after a tiring day, as well as to maintain your mental and emotional health in good condition. Lack of sleep is associated with cardiovascular diseases and psychological problems. If you have tried everything—literally—and still can’t fall asleep easily, why not follow some techniques used in the American military? There is a special technique that ensures Morpheus will embrace you within the next two minutes. It was first published in the book 'Relax and Win: Championship Performance,' which was published in 1981. According to Medium.com, the method was developed to ensure that American military pilots could get the proper physical rest during World War II. It was a period when they made many mistakes due to lack of sleep, which no one wanted...

Did you know that… you sleep and your skin… beautifies!?
During sleep, skin cells regenerate, and toxins are eliminated. Collagen production is activated, a substance that gives firmness and density to the skin. Conversely, poor sleep quality disrupts the skin’s regeneration process, enhancing a 'tired' appearance. In the long term, lack of sleep exposes women to the risk of premature aging.

Do you know how important sleep is for body and mind, but do you know how much your skin can benefit from a proper 8-hour sleep?
Stress and hormones (like cortisol) can decrease depending on how much you sleep. So if you don’t sleep enough, stress will show on your face. This results in irritable skin and puffiness, especially in the eye area.

Did you know that… there are nighttime habits that sabotage our sleep!?

1. Consuming alcohol before bed: 'When alcohol breaks down, it turns into a chemical that affects the brain's sleep centers, preventing deep sleep and making the second half of the night restless and full of frequent awakenings.'
2. Doomscrolling: 'The endless stream of sad news doesn’t allow us to relax. If we transition directly from the intense emotional stimulation of breaking news to bed, no matter how much we try to fall asleep, we are likely to remain awake.'

Upgrade your sleep through our rich collection. Discover all our sleep mattresses and find the perfect one for you. We look forward to welcoming you to a Media Strom store to explore them.