Dreams: What They Mean and What They Show About Our Sleep Quality

1. We Forget 90% of Our Dreams
   How often do we find ourselves unable to remember the dream we had during the night? In reality, every person has many dreams while sleeping, but can only recall about 10% of them. Sometimes, we cannot recall any part of a dream, and most of the time, we only remember fragments. Only if we wake up suddenly during the REM stage of our sleep can we remember the dream we just had.

2. We Can't Dream the Unknown
   In most of our dreams, dozens of unfamiliar people appear, whose faces don't remind us of anyone. However, it is impossible for our mind to create a person from scratch. In reality, all these seemingly unknown people are real individuals we have encountered at some point in our lives and forgotten, and our subconscious brings them back in our dreams.

3. The Blind Dream Too
   A common question is whether blind people can see dreams since dreaming is a 'visual' experience. Those who lost their sight can dream in images, while those who are blind from birth cannot. However, this does not mean they do not dream at all. Instead, vision is replaced by other senses such as hearing, smell, touch, and, of course, emotions. As incredible as it sounds, they experience dreams not through images but through sounds, intense feelings, smells, and the illusion of touch.

4. Dreams Paralyze the Body
   As unbelievable as it sounds, our bodies are seemingly paralyzed when we dream. This happens so that we do not act out the movements we experience during our dreams. It is due to a group of neurons deep in our brain responsible for the body's paralysis during dreams, helping our bodies relax while we sleep.

5. There Are Black and White Dreams
   About 12% of people dream in black and white! Although the reasons for this are not well understood, the background of the dreams these people see during sleep is black and white. This does not seem to affect the dream's theme. The difference is in the colors, without it being determined whether colored dreams are more vivid and realistic than the vintage black and white ones.