Matress 'Optimum':
Launched in 2004, the Optimum line changed the sleep experience. Spanish scientists did a medical research which was published at the 'The Lancet' magazine in November 2003. This study abolished the myth which associated mattress firmness with beneficial impact to our back.
According to the study, unlike people who use semi-hard or semi-soft mattresses, those who sleep on hard mattress suffer from back pain.
The reason for which mild firmness and semi-soft mattresses are considered more appropriate for our back is linked with their flexibility to the body’s and spine’s natural curves.
This is the 5th Generation of the Optimum line with unique materials and technologies such as the MLS spring system and Season Adapt & topper inside providing a unique sleep experience.
Premium support
We are introducing the world's most advanced coil system, MLS Spring System, designed by the Athenian Mattress Makers and produced by Leggett & Platt. With increased number of springs your body is better supported. The only spring system with 2 to 4 levels and 7 layers for fine progressive support and comfort, allowing air flow for high quality, healthy sleep.
Incomparable Comfort
The Season Adapt technology with natural temperature adjusting materials provides warmth and comfort in winter, and a cool sense with extra air flow in summer. Incomparable comfort through this inclusive sleep experience!
Ultimum Touch
Feel the ultimum touch with this 2 in 1 mattress and upper mattress with the tooper inside which uniquely embraces all body types, providing a sense of wellness!
Active Probiotics & Micromodal fibers
The unique Active Probiotics technology 'mimics' the function of probiotics in the body. Creates protection and shields the mattress from dangerous and harmful bacteria in Silver & Gold mattresses. The MicroModal fibers in the Platinum & Diamond mattresses are like a real 'caress' for the body. It is a 100% natural material derived from the beech tree MicroModal fibers are extremely fine with a soft texture that, when woven, creates the sensation of silk. Thus, it absorbs skin moisture and releases it into the environment, just like cotton works.